feat: Enable default language subpath (#204)
isaachinman/next-i18next: README.md

myapp.com/es/
```

> If you want to enable default locale subpath, pass this option into the `NextI18Next` constructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also want to enable locale subpaths for the default locale, pass the `defaultLocaleSubpath` option into the `NextI18Next` constructor:
```
